JIRS87530 Other InfraStr Examples (#4429)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/dkp-upgrade/upgrade-konvoy/enterprise/index.md

<p class="message--warning"><strong>IMPORTANT:</strong>Ensure your <code>dkp</code> configuration references the management cluster where you want to run the upgrade by setting the <code>KUBECONFIG</code> environment variable, or using the <code>--kubeconfig</code> flag, <a href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/">in accordance with Kubernetes conventions</a>.

> Upgrade the core addons in a cluster using the 'dkp upgrade addons' command specifying the cluster infrastructure (i.e. one of [aws, azure, preprovisioned]) and the name of the cluster.

Reviewer: I am not sure about this, but it looks a bit odd in front-end with both the normal and the square brackets... Or maybe this was meant to be a link? 
```suggestion
Upgrade the core addons in a cluster using the 'dkp upgrade addons' command specifying the cluster infrastructure (either aws, azure, or preprovisioned) and the name of the cluster.
```

Author: That was either Craig or Casie that changed it to the brackets.  So I just committed it.  HA!

Examples:

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAME=my-azure-cluster
dkp upgrade addons azure --cluster-name=${CLUSTER_NAME}
```
OR

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAME=my-aws-cluster
dkp upgrade addons aws --cluster-name=${CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> The output for AWS example should be similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output for the AWS example should be similar to:
```

<p class="message--warning"><strong>IMPORTANT:</strong>Ensure your <code>dkp</code> configuration references the management cluster where you want to run the upgrade by setting the <code>KUBECONFIG</code> environment variable, or using the <code>--kubeconfig</code> flag, <a href="https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/">in accordance with Kubernetes conventions</a>.

> Upgrade the core addons in a cluster with one of the choices [aws, azure, preprovisioned] by replacing `my-provider-cluster` with the desired cluster name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrade the core addons in a cluster using the 'dkp upgrade addons' command specifying the cluster infrastructure (i.e. one of [aws, azure, preprovisioned]) and the name of the cluster.
```

Examples:

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAME=my-azure-cluster
dkp upgrade addons azure --cluster-name=${CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> OR

Reviewer 2: I think this is ok, but then below we should change the "The output should be similar to" below -->  "The output for an AWS cluster should be similar to:"

Author: Will do

configmap/nvidia-feature-discovery-my-aws-cluster upgraded
```

Flags:
    -h, --help  Help for addons

Global Flags:

>     -v, --verbose int   Output verbostiy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -v, --verbose int   Output verbositiy
```

For more information about a command, use:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Author: I left it sh instead of bash because they have to change the flag so I don't think they can just copy and paste.
